OSDOCS-13975:Add uninstall documentation to FIO (#91616)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/fio-uninstall-console.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/file_integrity_operator/fio-uninstalling.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="fio-uninstall-console_{context}"]
= Uninstall the File Integrity Operator using the web console

To remove the File Integrity Operator, you must first delete the `FileIntegrity` objects in all namespaces. After the objects are removed, you can then remove the Operator and its namespace.

.Prerequisites

* Access to an {product-title} cluster that uses an account with `cluster-admin` permissions.
* The File Integrity Operator is installed.

.Procedure

. Navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* -> File Integrity Operator page.

. Use the default option *Show operands in: All namespaces* to list all `FileIntegrity` objects in all namespaces.

> . Click the Options menu {kebab} and use it to delete all `FileIntegrity` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Options* menu {kebab} and then click *Delete FileIntegrity* to delete a `FileIntegrity` object.
```

I'm unsure if "Options" should be capitalized as it's not the official name of the menu. Maybe lowercase it?

![Screenshot From 2025-04-09 11-06-52](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d84bf06f-d69e-4003-9eeb-60fae5fa7f52)

Also does a customer have to click the button each time to delete an object?

Reviewer 2: We do not bold Options here and seem to capitalize it nearly all of the time.  The {kebab} add an image to the step. See [doc guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#inserting-reusable-images-inline).

> . Switch to the *Administration* -> *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the *Administration* -> *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.
```

![Screenshot From 2025-04-09 11-12-40](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b4fa4aa9-8179-41b9-8318-41fac715ccf4)

Reviewer: Maybe it's something on my end but I do not see such an option: 

![Screenshot From 2025-04-09 11-14-55](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a0597edd-f093-46fc-93b7-aeeeef00a750)

Maybe a tip or note is needed to explain why the option could be missing?

Reviewer 2: Good catch. 
Perhaps you meant the Administrator perspective?

> . Click the Options menu {kebab} on the *File Integrity Operator* entry and select *Uninstall Operator*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the options menu {kebab} on the *File Integrity Operator* entry and select *Uninstall Operator*.
```

> . Switch to the *Home* -> *Projects* page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Go to the *Home* -> *Projects* page.
```

. Search for `openshift-file-integrity`.

> . Click the Options menu next {kebab} to the *openshift-file-integrity* project, and select *Delete Project*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the options menu {kebab} for the *openshift-file-integrity* project entry, and then click *Delete Project*. A *Delete Project* dialog box opens on the web console.
```

> . Confirm the deletion by typing `openshift-file-integrity` dialog box and click *Delete*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Verification

* Type `openshift-file-integrity` in the *Delete Project* dialog box and then click the *Delete* button.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/file_integrity_operator/fio-uninstalling.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="fio-uninstall-console_{context}"]
= Uninstall the File Integrity Operator using the web console

> To remove the File Integrity Operator, you must first delete the `FileIntegrity` objects in the FIO namespace. After the objects are removed, you can then remove the Operator and its namespace.

Reviewer 2: According to the [Official Red Hat product names list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DLS_lS3VKidgZIvcLmLp9BoiqptkvqHWfe1D5FD2kfk/edit?gid=1375785039#gid=1375785039&range=F113), FIO is not approved for use in place of File Integrity Operator. 
```suggestion
To remove the File Integrity Operator, you must first delete the `FileIntegrity` objects in the namespace. After the objects are removed, you can then remove the Operator and its namespace.
```

.Prerequisites

> * Access to an {product-title} cluster that uses an account with `cluster-admin` permissions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You have access to an {product-title} cluster that uses an account with `cluster-admin` permissions.
```
I know this went through peer review but I really think this should be fixed to be a complete sentence to have parallel structure with the second bullet item. Sorry :(

* The File Integrity Operator is installed.

.Procedure

> To remove the File Integrity Operator by using the {product-title} web console:

Reviewer 2: I believe we are going away from these introductory statements before a procedure, but I can't find anything definitive.

> . Navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* -> File Integrity Operator page.

Reviewer 2: Should File Integrity Operator be bold as the name of the page?
```suggestion
. Navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* -> *File Integrity Operator* page.
```

Reviewer 2: @GroceryBoyJr Sorry, I was asking if _File Integrity Operator_ should be bold, as it is the name of the page.

. Use the default option *Show operands in: All namespaces* to list all `FileIntegrity` objects in all namespaces.

> . Click the Options menu {kebab} and delete all `FileIntegrity` objects.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is obvious in the console, but is there one command to delete all objects, or do you need to delete one at a time? 
```suggestion
. Click the Options menu {kebab} and delete each `FileIntegrity` object.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/file_integrity_operator/fio-uninstalling.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="fio-uninstall-console_{context}"]
= Uninstall the File Integrity Operator using the web console

> To remove the File Integrity Operator, you must first delete the `FileIntegrity` objects in the FIO namespace. After the objects are removed, you can then remove the Operator and its namespace by deleting the `FIM` resources.

Reviewer 4: `FIM` resources is a little confusing here.

.Prerequisites

* Access to an {product-title} cluster that uses an account with `cluster-admin` permissions.
* The File Integrity Operator is installed.

.Procedure

To remove the File Integrity Operator by using the {product-title} web console:

> . Navigate to the *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.

Reviewer 4: Go to the Operators → Installed Operators → File Integrity Operator page.

1. Click **File Integrity**.

2. Click the Options menu {kebab} and delete all FileIntegrities

> . Delete all `FileIntegrity` objects, SELinux profiles, and webhook configurations.

Reviewer 5: Could you remove the  SELinux profiles, and webhook configurations part, I think they only need to keep ` Delete all `FileIntegrity` objects`

. Switch to the *Administration* -> *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* page.

. Click the Options menu {kebab} on the *File Integrity Operator* entry and select *Uninstall Operator*.

. Switch to the *Home* -> *Projects* page.

> . Search for `FIO`.

Reviewer 6: The official namespace name is `openshift-file-integrity` I believe?

> . Click the Options menu {kebab} next to the *file-integrity-operator* project, and select *Delete Project*.

Reviewer 6: Similar comment as above. I'm fairly certain we use the OpenShift naming for this, which should be `openshift-file-integrity`.

> . Confirm the deletion by typing `` in the `openshift-file-integrity` dialog box, and click *Delete*.

Reviewer 4: Should be
. Confirm the deletion by typing `openshift-file-integrity` in the dialog box, and click *Delete*.

> . Delete the `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` object by running the following command:

Reviewer 4: File Integrity Operator will not create any `MutatingWebhookConfiguration` object. Please remove this step.
